README.md, before:

# Today I Learned 지식 저금통

## Markdown

- [기본 문법](Markdown/Basic%20Grammar.md)
- [EXAMPLE](Markdown/Example/PlayList.md)

## Git

- [개요](Git/git.md)
- [Github](Git/Github.md)
- [Git - init, add, commit](Git/git-init,add,commit.md)
- [Git - 업로드, 다운로드](Git/git-upload,download.md)
- [Git- 파일추가, 취소](Git/git-File.md)

## Java

- [변수와 자료형](JAVA/day1/day1.md)
- [연산자](JAVA/day2/day2.md)
- [제어문](JAVA/day3/day3.md)
- [메소드](JAVA/day4/day4.md)
- [클래스](JAVA/day5/day5.md)
- [데이터 저장](JAVA/day6/day6.md)
- [객체 지향 프로그래밍](JAVA/day6/day6-2.md)
- [상속](JAVA/day7/day7.md)
- [Generic](JAVA/day8/day8.md)
- [Stream](JAVA/day9/day9.md)
## 알고리즘
- [Sort](JAVA/day14/day14-1.md)
- [Stack](JAVA/day15/day15-1.md)
- [Queue](JAVA/day16/day16.md)
- [Brute Force](JAVA/day17/day17.md)
## codeLion
- [JavaScript](codeLion/javaScript/javaScript.md)
- [HTML / CSS](codeLion/html/html.md)
- [세렝게티 MBTI](codeLion/MBTI/mbti.md)
## Frontend
- [Frontend](Frontend/frontend.md)

## SQL
- [Normalization](DataBase/normalization.md)
- [JDBC](DataBase/JDBC.md)

## JPA
- [JPA](JPA.md)

Commit message:

Many To One , One to Many

README.md, after:

# Today I Learned 지식 저금통

## Markdown

- [기본 문법](Markdown/Basic%20Grammar.md)
- [EXAMPLE](Markdown/Example/PlayList.md)

## Git

- [개요](Git/git.md)
- [Github](Git/Github.md)
- [Git - init, add, commit](Git/git-init,add,commit.md)
- [Git - 업로드, 다운로드](Git/git-upload,download.md)
- [Git- 파일추가, 취소](Git/git-File.md)

## Java

- [변수와 자료형](JAVA/day1/day1.md)
- [연산자](JAVA/day2/day2.md)
- [제어문](JAVA/day3/day3.md)
- [메소드](JAVA/day4/day4.md)
- [클래스](JAVA/day5/day5.md)
- [데이터 저장](JAVA/day6/day6.md)
- [객체 지향 프로그래밍](JAVA/day6/day6-2.md)
- [상속](JAVA/day7/day7.md)
- [Generic](JAVA/day8/day8.md)
- [Stream](JAVA/day9/day9.md)
## 알고리즘
- [Sort](JAVA/day14/day14-1.md)
- [Stack](JAVA/day15/day15-1.md)
- [Queue](JAVA/day16/day16.md)
- [Brute Force](JAVA/day17/day17.md)
## codeLion
- [JavaScript](codeLion/javaScript/javaScript.md)
- [HTML / CSS](codeLion/html/html.md)
- [세렝게티 MBTI](codeLion/MBTI/mbti.md)
## Frontend
- [Frontend](Frontend/frontend.md)

## SQL
- [Normalization](DataBase/normalization.md)
- [JDBC](DataBase/JDBC.md)

## Spring Data JPA
- [JPA](JPA.md)
- [ManyToOne&OneToMany](mtootm.md)
